added release notes up to 10.15.0.152 (#69)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-15-0/applications-10-15-0-bundle/10-15-0-152.md

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>
<td>A set of new <code>ApplicationOptions</code> (<code>mapWidgetPageSize</code>, <code>mapWidgetRealtimeDisabled</code>, <code>mapWidgetHideMaxDeviceOnMapHint</code>) specific to the Map widget have been introduced. These allow, for example, to increase the default page size of the Map widget. For details, see <a href="http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/1013.0.292/ngx-components/classes/ApplicationOptions.html#mapWidgetHideMaxDeviceOnMapHint" class="no-ajaxy">http://resources.cumulocity.com/documentation/websdk/1013.0.292/ngx-components/classes/ApplicationOptions.html#mapWidgetHideMaxDeviceOnMapHint</a>.
<td>MTM-48427</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>
<td>Instead of an alert, a warning message is now shown when deleting assets in the <b>Subassets</b> page, which informs the user that the total number shown in the assets counter might be incorrect.</td>
<td>
MTM-47676</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>

> <td>The initial requests of the map widget have been reduced. The location update events are only retrieved on demand for a specific device instead of requests for all devices.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>The initial requests of the map widget have been reduced. The location update events are only retrieved on demand for a specific device rather than for all devices.</td>
```
not sure if the second "requests" is crucial here.

<td>
MTM-48251</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>
Web SDK</td>

> <td>A issue was resolved, that let the <code>c8y-messages</code> component throw a "Parameter "key" required" error when used in combination with a <code>c8y-form-group</code>.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>An issue was resolved, that let the <code>c8y-messages</code> component throw a "Parameter "key" required" error when used in combination with a <code>c8y-form-group</code>.</td>
```
there's also double " quotes. as this is text, it's probably not an issue, but it would have to be avoided in code.
